These days, buying roducts and
services online is pretty easy
in most cases, but it can be a
little tricky or even scary if
you haven't done it before or
very often.
There are lots of reasons to
make online urchases.
You might be physically far away
from a credible seller of
something you want.
Or maybe you just want to be
able to browse a variety of
stores at the same time to find
the best options or rices.
Whatever the reason, online
shopping allows you to make your
decisions and purchases quickly
and easily from your computer.
Before going on a website to
make a urchase, it's generally a
good idea to know what product
you're looking for and where you
might urchase it.
Because there are many latforms
and sellers to urchase from
online, it can hel to do some
online research to find content
that can help you decide where
to purchas the product you're
looking for.
You can do this by typing the
roduct's name into the browser's
search bar followed by the word
review.
O for examle maybe I'm
interested in finding out about
the Microsoft Surface tablet.
Oi could type Surface tablet
review.
This can lead you to reviews
that are written by others who
have purchased the product or
service you're looking for, as
well as reviews written by
rofessional and trusted sources.
Combined, these reviews can hel
you decide if a product or
service is reliable and a good
fit for your needs.
Once you've determined the
roduct you want to buy and
identified a reliable seller,
it's time to make the Urchase.
Many ecommerce websites make it
easy to browse roducts using
categories or to search for
specific roducts using a Search
Bar Oregon to compare similar
items.
If the product you're looking
for has available options like
different configurations, colors
or features you'll find links to
manage your references.
When you're ready to urchase a
product, look for a button
that's usually labeled buy now
or add to cart or something
similar.
Just like a physical cart at a
physical store, an online
shopping cart kees tracks of
roducts you intend to buy from
that site.
O for examle maybe I decide I
also want to urchase this mouse.
I'll click add to cart and if I
scroll back U you can see I now
have two items in my cart.
You'll always have the chance to
add or remove items from your
cart before you make your
urchase O if I change my mind I
can just click remove and that
takes it out of the cart.
Once you've added the roducts
you want, you're ready to check
out deending on the shopping
website you're using.
You may be required to create an
account before comleting your
urchase.
As always, be cautious when
sharing your information to
create an account.
Never share personal information
other than the shipping and
billing information required to
make your urchase and look in
the address bar of the website
for this lock icon that
indicates that the site is
encryted and secure.
This means that only the company
will be able to view the
information you're sending.
If you don't see any indication
of site security, don't enter
any information and consider
making your urchase on a
different website that carries
the same roducts.
Additionally, it's not a good
idea to make urchases while
using a public Wi-Fi network.
If Ossible, wait until you're on
your home network to make your
urchases.
If you have an account with the
website you're using, you can
still browse the site while on a
public network.
The items you add to your cart
will often remain there when you
log into your site again from
home to complete your purchase,
and after completing your
urchase, which involves entering
your name, e-mail address,
shipping information, an payment
info like your credit card
number, you should receive an
e-mail confirming your urchase.
Many sites let you then track
your order so you can monitor
its rogress to your location O
that's the basic rundown of
making online purchases.
When done properly, it can be a
convenient way to research and
buy products from your computer.